Playground handbook (#2094)
microsoft/TypeScript-Website: packages/playground-handbook/Compiler Settings.md

## Compiler Settings

> There isn't a `tsconfig.json` file in a Playground, but you need to be able to set the compiler flags in order to accurate re-create a particular environment. Even for one of the the simplest amount of code, the difference in how TypeScript acts between `strict: true` and `strict: false` is pretty drastic and not being able to set that to match would suck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There isn't a `tsconfig.json` file in a Playground, but you need to be able to set the compiler flags in order to accurately re-create a particular environment. Even for the simplest code, the difference in how TypeScript acts between `strict: true` and `strict: false` is pretty drastic and not being able to set that to match would suck.
```
